= ohm_extra_validations

* http://github.com/gnrfan/ohm_extra_validations

== DESCRIPTION:

Ohm is an object to hash mapper for the Redis database. It supports assertions but only the most basic are included. For anything else you are expected to write regular expressions. Since modern web applications make heavy use or slugs, email address, URLs and IP addresses you'll end up writing or pasting the same regular expressions all the time. So then is when this gem is useful, adding specialized assertions for this kind of elements.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Assertions for validating:

* Slugs
* Email addresses
* URLs
* IPv4 Addresses

== SYNOPSIS:

    class BlogPost < Ohm::Model
      attribute :slug

      index :slug

      def validate
        assert_slug :slug
      end
    end

    class Comment < Ohm::Model
        attribute :ip_address
        attribute :homepage
        attribute :email

        def validate
            assert_ipaddr :ip_address
            assert_url :homepage
            assert_email :email
        end
    end

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ohm (>=0.0.33)

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install ohm
* gem build Rakefile
* sudo gem install ohm_extra_validations-0.0.1.gem

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Antonio Ognio

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
